---
author: "mr86400"
title: The Monetization Thing
date: 2023-12-10
description: Wherein the author has a change of heart
tags:
  - sidehustle
  - hobbies
  - money
---

It didn't take long, but I'm already reconsidering the basic premise of this blog. Not that I pln to stop it, exactly, but that I started to think about what I really wanted out of documenting my various projects.  And yeah, things are getting to the point that I think it would be nice to have some of my hobbies actually pay for themselves, another thing I wanted was just permission to have hobbies. 

I took up knitting back in the aughts, so that refrain that "you should sell these" is the first one that comes to mind. No, I shouldn't.  I might actually be happy to knit something for you if you bought me some nice yarn, and it was a reasonably-sized project. Honestly, when you live at the edge of the Sonoran Desert, knitting something you're actually going to use yourself can be a bit of a challenge. But I digress.

There are certain things that I could do at a scale where they might actually lead to enough income to cover the materials that went into them, and I guess I would like to explore those, if only because my skill set is very much tied to the web of a certain time, and I am not sure how much further those laurels are going to get me.

The monetzation name was always deeply tongue-in-cheek, but I think that for the short term, the desire is less to rake in any actual money, and more to get some forward momentum.
